Hello, freak bitches. Like we got real problems in this country.
It's not a joke anymore. Yeah.
That Charlottesville thing that just showed everybody.
When you saw those guys walking down the street with those citronella home Depot
torches, I was like, this is the craziest thing I've ever seen in my life.
Screaming white lives matter crazy. Like, you know who said it best,
man, I have a great quote. Um, Sturgill Simpson sent me this,
um, because, uh, he had, uh,
an email exchange with Dr. Rick Strassman,
who's the guy that wrote, uh, the DMT, the spirit molecule, and, uh,
they had an email exchange and he said, for starters, I would say,
this is a Rick. Strassman saying this,
that what we're seeing is a failure of the educational system. Um,
this is due to faults within the system itself,
as well as the attacks on the system,
that system from outside by forces and institutions that gain to
benefit from ignorance in addiction,
both religious faith and the love of community have degenerated
into crude parodies of what they're capable of being
regarding where this is all heading. He says,
my Zen teacher used to say that the force of good, this is what we're,
what if that was really interesting?
The forces of good relative to the forces of evil,
evil are always around 50.1% versus
49.9%. There's a similar,
similar notion in Judaism along these lines that the future of the world
depends upon a single individual's actions.
And I think it says something like a paradoxical,
like we are a speck of dust and the fate of
the universe hinges on us. Wow. That, that quote right there,
we are a speck of dust. And in, in quotes,
the fate of the universe hinges on us that when I read that today, I was like,
holy. Like that's so true. Yeah. And I mean, you see this right now,
like what's going on with Charlottesville and what's going on with the way Trump
is reacting to it all and the way people reacting to it all and people are
digging in their heels and forming sides.
And this is any group,
any group that wouldn't think that this is completely insane
and totally out of control.
Like any group of people that wouldn't think that someone driving a car into a
group of protest, or just randomly running over a girl,
any group that wouldn't denounce that instantaneously as one of the most heinous
things ever, this is exactly what we're terrified of.
We see happening in Paris and in other parts of the world,
and here we have an American doing it and are different is not
even that, you know, we're, uh,
we're being attacked the way we're looking at it in terms of it's white
people and white nationalists versus Antifa, right?
We're not even looking at it. Like we're all Americans, we're not looking at it.
Like we're all on the same team. We're w we're we're,
we're literally home growing terrorism.
That's a homegrown terrorist activity. A hundred percent, a hundred percent.
I mean, so you worried about Al-Qaida you worried about ISIS,
you're worried about the Tallyman.
You've got something right here that is willing to drive a car into a
random group of people that look just like him. A bunch of white people.
I mean, this is, this is completely insane.
The craziest part is they're not doing it to overthrow it. The yoke of empire.
It's not like, like, you know, uh,
Ireland back in the seventies with British control,
like at least you can kind of be like, ah,
they don't want to be controlled by the bursts.
These people are literally living in the most free country. Like, you know,
they're prosperous to the point of almost boredom where they start.
And I don't think Antifa realizes how much similarity they have to,
the people they claim to be fighting.
It's a natural progression. When you have extremely violent protests,
like these people are happen. Everybody ramps it up.
They ramp it up on the left. They ramped it up on the right.
Everybody gets angry and this drives into a bunch of people,
man, it's awful. And then Trump said, here's the thing. All this happened,
right as were taking down a statue of Robert Lee,
who's the leader of the Confederates, right. Trump literally said, said today,
what's next? Are we going to take down a statue of George Washington?
It's like, what? That's a bit of a false economy.
How the can he even say that this is CU,
he's got some weird thing going on.
We asked to dance around his support for white supremacists or white
nationalists. He has to dance around it.
Which is weird because they're not that big of a group. Like, it's not like.
But if they're on your side, they're all on your side.
You know what I'm saying? 10,000 people and.
Green. Yeah. A lot more than you think, man.
It might be a lot of closet racists out there.
I see so much similarities between like, you know,
white racist and then like the social justice racist or it's like, it's just,
it's usually like the white Nazis or like the loser is trying to get something
out of their skin and then social justice warriors.
A lot of times they're trying to get something out of an oppressed being an
unoppressed status in both of those groups. I'm like,
you're both trying to avoid merit merit. Like,
you're both just trying to get something from your stupid group.
Cause you never see like a Nazi is like good looking or successful.
They're always just like, I deserve some cause I'm white. And you're like,
then that means you're weak as. I.
Think it was.
I just think it's just a massive failure from the beginning to now of
thinking. That's the only thing that makes sense to me.
Yeah. And just like the agenda thing where it's like,
you start ignoring basic reality to get clicks or you know,
outrage culture.
Well, it's just the, it's just not the way to go.
You just joined up with all white people like that. It's just insane.
It's completely insane. And.
Even the concept of white is a new concept. But growing up it's like, oh,
you're Irish or Italian or it's like, when did this Federation kickoff?
Well, we've been forced in this position by a thing called white privilege.
I don't know if you were aware of it.
I checked it on my way and check yourself before you wreck yourself. Yeah.
Well that's the thing is we're all human beings who migrated from
Africa. That's a fact. Yeah. I go back far enough, but we don't,
we're not willing to go back farther. We're like, we're stopping wherever the.
You know, we've got this accent from,
and this is my Homeland and all the defendant did in my death. That,
that guy's just that color because it never, it's always, it's always.
Cloudy. You have vitamin ever stops raining.
Yeah. It's literally it exactly. That's why there's so pale.
They're trying to suck as much of the vitamin D out of the sky as they can.
Yeah. Cause like 2% couldn't get. Cause they died. They died and that's.
How it vitamin D and that's how evolution works.
Pay for those people to just do a little solar panels, just walking around,
sucking in the vitamin D take it. They're all Africans,
Irish people are Africans that just stayed in Ireland. Yes.
That's what they are.
It's just like a flash when we started separating and it really,
it has nothing to do with who we are as people I.
Could see the criticism. You're one of those bro. I don't see color.
People. Those people, I don't even see color bro.
And be like, no, I am racist. But.
If you lose that away in my store, but I know we're equal. Yeah.
I don't see color, man, except with gay rainbow. Yeah. I just,
I'm not into Raiders fans or you know, a Chinese food shopper. Yeah. Like I.
I used to do a song where it was like black dudes with more than one pit bull
scare the out of me,
but a black guy with a cell phone on his belt I trust or it's hilarious.
I would do it. I would have the crowd.
Verizon because it's all.
Cultural signifiers. And so I would have the crowd yell out anybody, you know,
white people. I was like white dudes with teardrop tattoos in Idaho scare,
you know? And you just go through any race and you're like, look,
it's always it's that Chris rock joke that I won't repeat because of my
privileged. But like there's this group.
And then there's this girl and everybody knows which one are the in which one?
Not even, but from a position of like desperation,
depending on where you are in history.
Walked by too many dudes that have their pants sagging.
Like more than two of them. I got all these guys Mike's make stupid decisions,
bad decision guys. If you got like your, your pants, like down,
like to like duck curve, the downward curve, your, right.
It's riding the curve and I could see like a giant percentage of your underwear.
Yeah. One.
Guy may have forgot to belt. Two guys they're hiding guns.
It's not even, it's just, they're just making stupid decisions with their life.
For sure. Like.
Like, like, uh, my mom was teaching a class once. Uh, and she was like,
they took N-word Jim out of huckleberry. Finn. Yeah. They did get that word out.
You can't know a time unless you know, the, from that time, you know,
and it's giving people a real disservice to just like emasculate and neuter our
history so that everybody can't see what real dangers are like,
what just happened in Charlottesville? Like all the people that called, uh,
Dave Rubin and Nazi now have to use the same word for these people. Right.
It's like now it has no meaning. Exactly. Yeah.
Good. Very good point. Thank you. It's uh,
it's really important to not overreact to the people that don't
have the exact same opinion as you now, when something like this happens,
you realize, okay, that's what you should react to. Exactly. This is real.
This is real. You got a bunch of bags with a, with torches,
from home Depot or wherever the they got this. Those are those.
The citronella court people have been like the suburbs.
They have like a Tiki bar. I was good.
Buy some. And now I can't come on was literally gonna look.
I like those torches to, for killing mosquitoes. And I was thinking about it.
I'm like,
I'm not going to buy those now because it's Charlottesville and all these.
Guys. I mean, if, if any of those people that are into that are listening,
I'm not even upset at you as a human,
you get trapped into patterns that thinking I'm upset at that pattern.
I'm upset that this is a repeated repeating pattern that has happened through
human history,
where people decide that there's specific groups that somehow or another
deserve preferential treatment or are better or, or, or,
or superior or should dominate over other groups.
It's stupid. And it's bad for business.
It's bad for the business of being human beings. It gets in the way you're,
you're judging people on nonsense and you get to all be in the group just
because you have similar skin color, that's stupid.
You're allowing a bunch of losers in your group then because you're only,
you're only differentiation is that they have to be white.
That is insanely stupid. It's so stupid.
It's like I miss out on all the cool black people.
You're going to miss out on all the cool Cubans and all the cool Puerto Rican's,
you're going to miss out on them. And you're going to,
you're going to think that you have some family in this idea that you all have
Nordic roots or something like that. It's so dumb.
It's I understand if you run into people that are black and they're racist
against white people, and you feel like, you know,
white people have to protect themselves.
If you get in one of those situations and those situations are real,
they can happen. Racism can occur on both sides.
And it's another disingenuous thing that the left is doing is accepting this
idea that you can only be racist if you're white,
because the racist statement it's so racist. It's so,
but this is something that people were, I think they've kind of let it go for,
for most recently, like out there in the Twitter sphere,
but for a good long time,
it was a defensible argument that a black person couldn't be racist because
racism is all about power and what black people don't have power over white
people like what's that, that is you're changing the word,
you're changing the word. And you're going to empower actual racist.
Chorus. And it's like, no one, you don't know Nazis till, you know,
a treaty of Versailles. And you don't know this until like, you know,
just over shaming always has a springboard effect. Like,
like after world war II, it's the same with like, you know, the shamed gay guys,
the one that like hates gay people, you know, where it's like,
shame is a horrible thing and people. And so world war one,
blood on all hands, you know,
that was started and executed for very bizarre reasons.
They blame Germany for all of it to the point where they destroyed Germany.
And then they were looking for a voice that gave them hope and that voice is
insane. And so that happens, that that happened in this where it's like,
dear white people being white, you should just say, sorry, all the time.
Even though your people came in 19, oh, you know.
Well, you can see it today.
And the people that never criticized Trump and have like exclamation points and
they write manga after all their tweets, no matter what Trump does,
no matter what Trump says, it's always amazing. Everything's always perfect.
Like, okay, well, I see what you're doing because you're not really thinking.
Right. Really thinking you're you, you are, you got to team your go Raiders.
Let's go Raiders. You're, let's go Trump like, well now this is not,
this is not healthy. This is not normal way to discuss super important issues.
This wouldn't Trump said today that like, what's next,
they're going to take down a statue of George Washington was like,
they took down the statue of Robert Ilene. Everybody's freaking out.
What's next. We're gonna take down a statue of George Washington.
Yeah. That's like when the word normalizing actually fits, you know,
like all these things that have been so flooded that is normalizing something
terrible, but it's like so crazy compared to work
with Robert E. Lee is actually a problem.
But the left is like over pointed out problems to the point where no one,
like you can't have your, you don't trust your instincts right now where you,
like, if I say this, does this make me racist? It's like what?
That it's 80 degrees outside. How is that linked?
You know?
And also I think anybody coming in and deciding to do something is a
problem. You know, like people coming in and try to take,
deciding to take down a statue. That statue is a symbol to a lot of people.
And a lot of people step in and say, Hey, this is it.
I think there should be some sort of real prolonged,
intelligent conversation about what that statue means and have it in a way
where a bunch of people can,
can see it and have it represented on both sides have been represented by the
side of people that think it's a good idea to keep it up and have it represented
on the side of someone who thinks it's a good idea to move on.
And maybe we should take this thing and put it in some sort of a war museum.
Right.
And not having it represent the Confederate soldiers in the middle of this
town. That's not Confederate. Okay. We, that the war has gone. This you're,
you're holding on to this idea that your team lost a battle
and that there's an invading army that's in with you. Right?
I know we're all Americans. Okay. This is old, old, old. 1860.
Okay. Let it go. Stupid. Let's this down.
And let's put up a glorious kid rock tattoo style Eagle with a
flag behind it. Come on.
You really love America was take down the Robert E.
Lee and put up hulking American Eagle with a flag blown in
the wind, just cash. And then underneath it have a gigantic plaque of,
uh, everybody that lost their lives in the last two wars over the last 20 years.
That.
Yeah, I think a lot of it is how it's being represented too.
Is it like a glorious statue or is it just a Relic of history? Cause like,
I think the debate is, uh, have you seen it now? I haven't either.
Let's look at it.
Find out what's the statue of Robert Lee that they were taken down.
I'm curious me too. What if he was like, uh,
found out he was like banging a slave. Oh,
that's it torch? Wielding protesters rally. A Confederate statute. Yeah.
Can we go a large on that buddy? Wow. That's beautiful. Piece of art. You know,
I mean much like when you look at Gingiss con it's a beautiful piece of art.
You know, you look at some of the, uh, statues and things that they, uh,
constructed from back in his day. You let you, you know, you think about it,
you go, wow, this is a guy at war who killed like a FA like 5% of the earth.
Yeah. Something even crazier,
I think killed like 10% of the world's population while he was alive. Yeah.
This is a tough one. Cause it's like, yeah, there's a rebel army loss.
So that should be taken down. But at the same time, it's like,
but what do you do with that? And then to the natives,
Americans tell people to take down Washington, you know, then you start,
then you start getting in a battle of like, well, this person wronged my people,
well, this person. And then, you know,
like I see people with Che shirts from urban Outfitters and I'm like
that dude committed genocide to a lot of people, you know? And it's like,
at what point is it with this one?
I think that it's a valid argument to take it down because it was a rebel army
in a rebel army in the country that it's still in.
But at the same time, it's like, it's a slippery slope of a racing. Right.
You know?
Well,
I don't think you should have it in your state Capitol or wherever the that is.
Is that what it is? State Capitol building represents that state.
Is that what it is? But see if you could pull it up again,
just so we know what the we're talking about.
Cause I think that was kind of like, I think it was like a state building.
Like it was a big deal. That's how I felt about Confederate.
Flag. I'm like, obviously take it off state buildings. Justice.
Is still a part of a few different flags.
Right? That's that, to me crosses that line where you're like, oh,
well now you're incorporating it into the government that a lot of people
associate with like valid.
Social issues. Yeah. I mean to this day,
I think it's on Mississippi's that's very intense. Yeah.
Emancipation park in front of their courthouse in front.
Of the courthouse. Wow, man. That's a bit of a tone.
You can't do that mean.
You gotta get that guy out of there. Like I think for sure we should keep it.
I mean, I don't think they should destroy it. Just like,
I don't think they should destroy, you know,
if there's a statue of mouse somewhere, I don't think they should destroy it.
I think we should,
we should look at it and hold onto it so that future generations can look back
and go, wow, that's possible. Yeah. The Berlin wall. Yeah. Yeah.
Like there's little.
Pieces to be like, yeah. That people split the world in two at one point.
And if we forget that we started doing this live action role play until someone
gets hit by a car.
It's like, yeah, well we want better. Right. So we want better.
And so we pretend that better already exists or is, is, is, is, is possible.
If we force people to behave the way we want. Right. You know,
there's a bunch of different ways where people try to achieve better, you know?
And they're not all smart this cause a lot of them are based on how you feel
right now and what you want to change. So you try to be forceful,
but like the bounce back thing we're talking about,
it doesn't really work like that when you,
when you push too hard at people and you don't respect them. Um,
even if they're is ridiculous as a white nationalist,
when you push push at them. And why do I say it's ridiculous if you're asking?
Cause it's all ridiculous. I think being a black nationalist is ridiculous too.
I think it's all ridiculous.
I think you should be a human being and it just because you enjoy black culture,
it doesn't mean you have to be racist.
You can enjoy Chinese people just as much.
We can all just be cool with each other.
But this idea that there's like one superior race is insane.
We are all interconnected in some very bizarre way and we help each other.
And that's what culture is.
That's what civilization is the reason why it all works so well is that we're
all intertwined with each other, learning from each other,
trying to figure out how to navigate this thing together,
competing with each other, improving upon, uh,
whatever the it is we're working on because of the competition from all sorts of
different parts of the world,
different cultures and behavior patterns and levels of aggression,
levels of intellect and all of us combined in some sort of a swarming soup of
innovation and ideas and communication and trying to figure this thing out
together. And as soon as you just lump it all up to white people only like,
get the outta here with that old stupid idea. That's a stupid idea. Yeah.
And.
That's why I'm so anti a PC and a cultural appropriation stuff.
Cause those are the mechanisms to share where it's like there,
it's not because I'm white and I don't want people to get credit for whatever
it's saying. How do we, you know, there's no quote that when goods,
when goods stop going across borders, armies go across borders where it's like,
if cultures coming together and sharing and developing and everything you just
said is necessary for multiculturalism.
And so if you say I can't wear some Barrow because I'm a white guy, even though,
even though I'm, you.
Know, stupid, as long as you're not being an about it,
you just having fun and what's the big deal. Yeah. And.
Who needs that? Brim white guys pills. Right.
And weekends have a nice dark complexion. They can handle it.
I know Jews have no brim.
Dude. Very good. Very important point.
Mexicans and Jews to Twitter ads.
With some of the super Orthodox ones. They have the crazy brim.
Right? Yeah. They're like cheese heads with.
Oh, that's a different one. Right? That's a different one.
That's a different kind of hat. They I've seen that one. Yeah.
That's a weird one.
It's like part of west Hollywood has a bunch of those.
Hats. Yeah. That's an interesting thing about Hollywood. When you drive,
there's certain neighborhoods you go down to that are all Orthodox Jews or at
least a high volume of them.
So you see them with their strings that hang down from their belt.